Update redirect URIs to match Okta samples (#2020)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/quickstart/register-app/website/register-app.md

- **Client secret**&mdash;the secret key used by the client to exchange an authorization code for a token (must be kept confidential)

Remaining in the Admin Console, navigate to **Security > API**. From the **Authorization Servers** tab, save the following value from your **default** authorization server:
- **Issuer URI**&mdash;the authorization server URI that will perform authentication

> If you created a **SPA** app, you'll also need to register its trusted origin to enable CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing). Navigate to **Security > API > Trusted Origins** and add `http://localhost:8080` (selecting both CORS and redirect).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have created a **SPA** app, you'll also need to register its trusted origin to enable CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing). Navigate to **Security > API > Trusted Origins** and add `http://localhost:8080` (select both CORS and redirect).
```
